Thank you for being here, Good afternoon. I hereby call this first meeting of the Health Care Transparency Dashboard Subcommittee to order, you would please make sure you silence your cell phones, And, Secretary, if you would please call the roll, Ms Adams. Present Mr Birdwhistle. Present Commissioner Lee. Present Mr Marshall. Present Co-Chair Meredith. Present Co-Chair Moser. I'm here. It's kind of unusual in that we all know each other, but I would like everyone to take a moment to formally introduce yourself to each other And if you could just give a brief statement about your interest in this particular project. And if I would, Ms Adams, if you would please start. That's the disadvantage of having. AA is alphabetical order, Allison Adams. I'm the President and CEO of the Foundation for a Healthy Kentucky. I come with a 25 plus year background in public health and my interest in healthcare data transparency is understanding the cost and efficiencies and effectiveness of healthcare. that would drive data-driven policy change. Thank you, Ken Marshall, I'm Chief Operating Officer at UofL Health. I've been there in the health system about 30 years And I think my interest here is. I've always found we, when there's transparency to the data that helps people make healthy decisions, we all end up better. thank you, mark. my name is mark bird whistle. i'm trying to calculate my years, but i think it's i'll just go with 45 plus. i don't want to give the real number. Working in the Medicaid space, I'm the Senior Vice President for Health Policy at the University of Kentucky. I'm pleased to be a part of this group. I think having appropriate data and converting data into information is probably the biggest challenge that we all face, And I think people don't understand the Medicaid population And I think this is an opportunity for us to help frame the information for policymakers and managers to ensure people get the access to care that they need. Thank you, Commissioner Lee. Hello, I'm Lisa Lee. I'm the commissioner for the Department for Medicaid Services. I don't have near as many years as Mr Bird Whistle, but I'm working on, I think, about 27 years in Medicaid right now. I'm really interested in this committee because, number one, I think it's very important for us to understand the complexity of the Medicaid data. You know we have millions and millions of data points, and how we put that in a usable format to make those positive policy changes is very important. The other reason is, I think that we have an opportunity to identify gaps in care and help build an infrastructure that promotes health and wellness among the entire population, not just Medicaid population, And, again, to drive positive policy decisions to make sure that the Medicaid program is actually improving the lives of those that we are charged to serve. Thank you, Co-chair Moser, Thank you, Mr Chairman, Thank you all for lending your expertise here today. I'm excited to have this conversation. I have about 18 years of health care experience in as a neonatal intensive care and flight nurse for a lot of years, and then a number of years as drug policy director before I got here to the legislature, and I've served in the legislature for ten years, and so have really deepened my knowledge about Medicaid and all things that the state is responsible for in protecting the safety net for our citizens, and I'm very interested in identifying and taking a look at data that is driving our policy decisions, and I think that we need to do a better job of analyzing that data, And so I look forward to putting together a dashboard that will probably start out in a basic framework and hopefully expand as we see the need, But I think that we are on the right path in better auditing Medicaid and analyzing the high cost, the increasing cost, and how we get not only control of the cost but how do we provide better service to Kentuckians. so thank you for the opportunity. well, thank you, animal co-chair. obviously I'm Steve Meredith. I've got um close to 40 years of health care experience- uh, long-term care industry and um 35 years in the hospital industry but also involved with home health agencies and rural health clinics. so I've got a lot of years of experience, have been in the legislature on my 10th year and always have kind of challenged the Medicaid program, And all of us have talked before about how much it's grown over the past ten years. but specifically when I came in in 20 17, it was a ten billion dollar program. now it's in excess of twenty billion And we all know that we cannot continue this trajectory of increases in cost and we really shouldn't have to. We all know with our health care experience, even commissionally, that there's inefficiencies in the program. There's a way we can do it better. I don't see a need to be critical of anyone or anything that we have done. We need to build on our experiences and see what opportunities we have alive before us, And this is certainly a starting point. This is a big task that's been handed to us. i don't think co-chair moser and i either one understood we were going to inherit this project, but we certainly want to make a final product that maybe will be a hallmark for other states to follow. so this is sorely needed so we can make sure we get the most effective and efficient use of our medicaid dollars, and so it's. it's a challenge, but i appreciate you all being one to commit your time to it. We know how busy you are and we we appreciate you making this commitment and we want to make sure you have a worthwhile experience to that in. Let's start with. you have within your packet of discussion our goals and key priorities- And I'll give the DJ a lot of credit here- of starting us off on a kind of proposed mission statement vision statement. if you have that document in front of you, it was like to kind of throw it out for discussion, and I think that's how most these meetings are going. you know we don't have any formal thing that we're trying to drive towards and we need open dialogue from each of you, because you had. so show you a wealth of experience and just tell us what you think. this isn't a new concept, but i guess it is to kentucky to a certain degree. but let's start with. um, you know what we're attempting to do and first we're looking at, you know, leading health indicators, performance indicators from medicaid managed care, performance indicator for participating providers and performance indicators for departments, and i kind of see that as the kind of administrative arm for this and the the second arm being quality measures for health services will provide. We certainly would include cancer screenings, well care business, postpartum care, diabetes care, hypertension, but we're not limited just to this. So we certainly want to make sure what's the most important things that we need to measure and how can we do that. You all know we collect a wealth of data in Kentucky at various areas and I'm not sure how we incorporate all this into it, whether we need to incorporate all this into it. business needs to be part of the discussion that we're going to have. As far as the mission statement to oversee the collaborative design, development and long-term maintenance of a secure and data-driven health transparency dashboard, maintained with the Legislative Research Commission, that tracks public health data, monitors the performance of the Commonwealth Medicaid program. So, to that end, anybody have any questions, any comments, And I would certainly welcome those, Madam co-chair. Thank you, Mr Chairman. I don't have any change, but I just wanted to say that we sent this out ahead of time, So hopefully everyone had a chance to just take a few minutes and make sure that we're encapsulating the mission and the goals of this subcommittee. So I don't think I really have any changes, I think it's kind of a broad look at what we intend to do. Does anyone have any suggested edits, additions, subtractions? Okay. right. So I've got a question. Yeah. In my opening introduction, I talked about Medicaid is made up of different populations. And I think as we're looking at this data, I see a lot of the demographic breakouts. I think it's going to be important to segment the data into the categories where people fall. If you lump the age and disabled with the expansion population, it's going to skew the data. Right. So I think it's going to be important for us to segment the data so that it can be turned into manageable information. And I think Commissioner Lee would probably agree with that, that because the populations are so different, you would expect the aged and disabled to be high utilizers in certain sectors. you don't expect that in the expansion group and i think if you if you aggregate that you will lose a lot of the managerial information you're going to need to have it's my only comment for this i think your point's well taken and this is a side note of that you know i know we're dealing with the medicaid population right now but i hope we can develop a product that's that transcends all health care groups. And we have a statewide scorecard for health. So I think your point's well taken. And if I could just add, I don't know which copy you're operating from, but I think on the copy that was sent around to everyone, I added a few things, and I did add the demographic piece. And so age, sex, education, income, marital status, geographic distribution. So I think to that, we could certainly look at how we segment the population to truly understand what we're dealing with. I'd like to say I do agree with segmenting the data and I think in addition to the expansion and the aged and disabled I think we need to go one step further and break out children because over half of the children in the state are enrolled in Medicaid or CHIP. And I think that this dashboard would give us a little bit of an opportunity to identify early on what kind of issues that our children are having so we can treat them to build that healthier future. Also on the demographics, Medicaid's eligibility application contains several items that are required and some that are not. Education is not on there. So in order to pull in the educational level of individuals, I'm not sure how we would get that information. So that's one thing to think about. And then I think with the dashboard itself and how it's maintained and where it's housed, Kind of thinking about that IT aspect of it. You know, currently Medicaid data is housed in various different databases. And so that platform, are we going to have a platform that will allow, you know, just state individuals to have access or certain individuals? Or are we looking at something for public distribution? And if so, what does that platform look like? Do we have to have licenses, for example, for individuals to look at information and How detailed do we want it when we can't get it down into to drive down into the individual level because of HIPAA violations and stuff? So, you know, what what is what's our vision of this this dashboard to look like and who's going to access it? Thank you. Excellent comments. Anyone else? You know, we're looking at the second part where we're looking at what the performance indicators may be. Certainly, emergency room visits and cancer screenings and so forth. It's not a comprehensive list, so I would hope you give some thought maybe between now and our next meeting as to what we need to focus on. Obviously, we can't look at everything, but we want to hit the high targets and try to make an impact as soon as possible. other than the items that co-chair mosher mentioned is there anything else you see that immediately that could be added to this list commercially i'd just like to to comment about when we look at this is there anything that's already existing for example every state medicaid agency submits information to cms they have i don't remember the acronym but it's tms data and also every year we have to submit core indicators quality data to CMS and Kentucky currently submits 27 child measures and 32 adult measures. And some of those measures include ED visits, antidepressant meds, asthma meds, breast cancer screenings, child and adolescent well visits for the first year. And it compared you can look at Kentucky and compare Kentucky to the rest of the nation. Where do we stand in some of these measures? So I think it's pretty important to get out and look at that. information that's already existing. However, it is a little bit dated because there's always a lag in the data. The data I looked at today was for 2021 through 20 24. So a couple of years behind. But there is a really good database out there that we can look at with some measures and actually tell where Kentucky stands as compared to other states. Yes, I think you're referring to the Medicaid and CHIPS scorecard and there's also I think 12 administrative measures within that Platform as well. So I encourage everyone if you have an opportunity now to next we need to take a look at that Scorecard and see what I think ability you may have for Kentucky. We don't want to be inventing the wheel reinventing wheel Mr. Whistle got a question. Should we have pharmacy in this category listing? Because that is a key cost driver. It also is one of the things that gives you an opportunity to do a better job of care management. So would we want to consider adding pharmacy services? I think we'd be remiss if we didn't, given how large that's become a percentage of our Medicaid budget. So excellent suggestion. I appreciate that. Allison? Where would claims data fit in here, like the actual cost of what we're paying for in respect to the services, not just that they're being done, but how much we're paying for them, how often? And then the other thing that I think would be good to add is adult well visits. We measure cancer screenings or what's happening after they enter the ER, but are we doing a good job at doing well visit screenings for adults to prevent ER visits? And that certainly is a driver of cost for our Medicaid program. And it's challenging how to address that given the shortage of primary care providers we have through Kentucky. But again, I think potentially the scorecard will highlight that for I do have one other question. In the mission statement when we're talking about the performance of the Commonwealth Medicaid program, what are we benchmarking that performance to? Other state Medicaid programs or other payers? Yes. Okay. I don't think that's got to be part of the discussion. I think the discussion as we move forward is, you know, what are we benchmarking ourselves to? and when I when I look at that performance piece I think about outcomes and how do we measure outcomes so is that something that we need to try to determine in this in this group when we're trying to take a look at the performance of what we're paying for on a state level I think we need to understand outcomes. And I don't know if those are existing HEDIS. I don't think that's really complete enough or exactly what we're going for. So I think maybe we need to think about outcomes. And then when you were talking about the claims data and the various places where the data lives, do we need to compile that somehow and how do we do that? I mean I know that you don't necessarily have to have a physical space to have this data live in because now with technology we can pull data from various sources but Do we need to think about how to pull that data? Do we need data sharing agreements? You know, I mean, I think that there's a lot more to pulling data than we've talked about so far, and I know we'll get more into that. but we have k-high. we have, you know, k chip, we have all of the, all the different places and claims data too would be in real time and not getting the old data. So if we can think about that, And perhaps we're gonna have to develop an inventory of what is out there, one of the most interesting statistics i heard during moab this last summer was from the cabinet that something like 2 over two hundred data sets- and i'm not sure what all is in there, what we can draw from and how we um how we bring this to to the table. ken Yeah, I just as a point of information that most of the providers in the state do track Medicaid data that has been vetted through the cabinet and through their state directed payment programs, which probably would be a good match up to this, because it's there's a process in place to gather those outcomes. I'm one hundred percent and That is kind of. when you look at the data, can be kind of tricky, But I think that's you know when, as a from a provider perspective, that's kind of where the rubber meets the road when you're looking at kind of all of this demographic data, Commissioner Lee, So the you know the cabinet does have a lot of information, a lot of data. We also have an office of data analytics within the cabinet that has access not only to Medicaid data but to public health data, vital stats data. So we do have a repository right now. We do use that information to do both like ad hoc reporting and some longitudinal reports. So we do have that platform and just as we move forward, just trying to figure out how we We don't duplicate efforts. if we have somebody that can create these dashboards, However, we need them where we want them to be published, to just kind of keep that in mind, that I think that they'd play a big part. and And- and they're- they're staffed mainly by some University and analysts. so we do do. we do have that platform already. You know, we certainly don't want to reinvent the wheel. If it's out there. we need to take advantage of it, which is how we do it in a coordinated fashion, because on the LRC side we have our own data analytics and we need to make sure we're working together. Mark. So I'll pick up. kind of sitting between these 2. It's kind of like we're in stereo. Or could you put your mind down a little bit so we can hear a little bit better? Can you hear me now? Yes, sir, Thank you. So sitting between these 2, it's kind of like I'm on stereo here. Picking up on what Ken said, The 2 universities have had a robust Medicaid directed payment program since 20 19. We have a wealth of information that we report to the cabinet and to the federal government and have been doing that on. Right now we're reporting 21 metrics. I think That may be a good place to start, which has outcomes, screenings, all of this. That may give us some hints on how we might want to build reporting modules elsewhere, But we have quite a bit of data over that tenure. We have demonstrated to the federal government that we are improving outcomes. So I think that would be a good start. now that is on the provider side really is only applicable to University of Kentucky and University of Louisville and a few others, So it is not statewide at this point, but it is definitely a good starting point that we can show proof of concept of what's working and what's not working. And there are, to the commissioner's point, because of the commissioner's leadership, There are a lot of child metrics in those 21, And so I think that would be a good starting Certainly would agree. And a little bit further, if you look at the Medicaid CHIPS scorecard, they have already mentioned the number of quality performance they had, but they also have 21 measures for program characteristics, you know, measuring eligibility, enrollment, expenditures and data. So I see this as kind of a 3legged stool kind of mirroring what Medicaid does already with the program characteristics, health care, quality performance and lastly, program administration. And there are 12 measures there. So again, I encourage you to take a look at that scorecard between now and the next time that we meet. You know the questions comments about The work we're looking at. I don't think we talk about the vision statement that we see, but begins to transform the Medicaid public health data into actionable insight, then enable the commonwealth to utilize a data-driven approach to continues to improve health outcomes in the medicaid program in a cost-effective, efficient and effective manner, and certainly we hope this can be a platform for developing legislation that we can move forward to address these and particular issues. but any questions, comments on that? Madam chair, you can comment on anything you would like to comment on. I just wanted to go back to the list that we sent around and under the performance indicators I also added where we have. just for the public who hasn't seen this document, I want to make sure that everyone knows what we're talking about And certainly we can add to this. but the follow-up after emergency department visits: I thought just emergency department utilization was an important metric to take a look at. And then of course we have cancer screenings and child and adolescent well care visits In D, where we had postpartum care. I added maternal health And we can think about what that is as we move through this- Diabetes care and management, hypertension care and management. And then I added hospitalization rates and perhaps the reason for hospitalization. I mean that's going to get into the maybe claims data. And then newborn screenings and follow-ups. And then we added pharmacy and adult well visits. Mark, I should have mentioned this earlier, since we went back to the list under Section 2 there I don't see any behavioral health pieces here. Thank you Appreciate And to this end, you know these are open meetings and we would encourage any of our allied health groups. if you see anything that is of particular interest or there's a glaring oversight, we would like to hear from that as well and certainly hope to address that before our next meeting Allison. We also don't have hospital readmissions in here. I know that that's a measure, a benchmark already, but it also can shed a lot of light on what's happening in the system, why they're coming back, for what reason? I know some are uncontrollable, but some are. And then just going back to the geographic distribution, Commissioner Lee, is there any data that you can glean from how far people are having to travel for care- And not just travel for care but for preventable? so they've waited for such a long time? Just thinking about the rural communities, do we have The where they live and they're where they have to seek care? And should had they had that care Locally, would it have prevented the travel and the expensive care We can get to the distances that individuals have to travel? it gets a little tricky again. Medicaid data is so complex if you have a provider, for example, who has 5 or 6 different locations, their billing address versus their physical address. you need to take that into account. and but we can absolutely get to how far an individual travels to get care. The wait time might be a little bit tricky to get to, but distance is one that we can do. I think, while we're talking about this, you know we have well visits, but you know, are there any preventative measures being taken or taking place in the communities? I know it's not really a measure of Medicaid, but I think you know it might be helpful as we, as we look at the health of communities. Any additional comments about the vision statement? I think that pretty much summarizing that we're just trying to have a report that will help us be more cost effective and efficient. Moving on to priorities- and again this may not be an exhaustive list, but we thought a good starting point is- and we already touched on the first one a little bit- is to identify the appropriate data and data sources to be including the dashboard. Again, I'm a little bit overwhelmed by this one personally, because I know there's so much out there. I'm not sure where the starting point is on this, but anyone have any solutions or recommendations or any ideas? before this meeting, I did get out online and try to find out if there are other Medicaid agencies that have dashboards online. I did find a couple just to kind of look at those to see what was available, and I don't know if we're looking at our dashboard, what do we want to see and then find out where those data sources are to pull in? again, going back to the education level of, I don't know where we can get that, but as far as Medicaid data, we have access to claims and everything that would be submitted with the claim. We have, of course, our eligibility data and some demographics, and we have our provider enrollment information and we can get all of that at county level too. So there are those data sources and I think if we just start small and then build out from what we need and what we want to look at would be the way to go. I think it's an excellent idea. You know we identify what the things we want to measure are, then find how we're going to fill the bucket with those things. So good suggestion. Thank you, Ken. yeah, just as you're looking at the data, you know all the times that you try to translate numbers into actions- the importance of having a single source of truth, whether that be, you know, the cabinet or another place, is extremely important, especially if the initial vision is to make something actionable. that is kind of the foundation of. you know you look at a number, whatever the number is, and you got to have faith that when you look at that number, that's really what it is. so I would really encourage having a single source of truth that everybody feels a thumbs up on as you start looking at this. Thank you, Appreciate that comment. second priority we identified was collaborate on the design of an effective and usable dashboard and commissioner, i think you touched on this a little bit already and we don't want to reinvent the wheel. if there's something out there, we certainly would like to take a look at it and see if we can improve upon it. but is anyone aware of any other dashboards that may already be out there that we could take a look at? you know, i think the medicaid chips is probably a good starting point, but i know there are others out there. mark have a comment. Yeah, I'm trying to figure out where to put my Comment earlier about Aggregating the data according to the populations. I don't know where to insert it in the wordings here, but If we don't segment the data appropriately by the populations, we're not gonna be able to give policymakers, administrators, the information that they need. And I guess we could modify the appropriate word up there. But I think, as we develop appropriate, I would encourage us to make sure that we are segmenting the data according to the unique populations so that it becomes meaningful, actionable information. I disagree, That's very important. You know, I think we have a tendency in the past to look at appropriations and legislation and focus on those who scream the loudest at the moment, And obviously we can't be all things to all people, but we should be able to put in some type of priority order and it should be data-driven, And I think that's going to be the value of the scorecard Could be, should be All I want to talk a little bit more about your proposal, Mark, and I think it's true that we and Ken, the single source of truth, is absolutely important. segmenting the data and- and maybe the office of data analytics can help us, because I think the the data is going to live in one place, but the dashboard is probably not going to contain every single data point. somehow we're going to have to filter that so that it's usable. and it's it. you know, if we have an inward facing program that helps legislators and and the executive branch look at the data and and all of the stakeholders who are here and interested looking at this data and and we figure out you know really what we need to look at and how to use it- i think that's going to be very different than maybe in don't know, an aggregated analysis of the data that would be public facing. so you know, I don't know. I think right now, the the plan is to have something usable that we, you know, we as decision-makers can take a look at and maybe at some point we can come up with something that's useful for the public to see and use. I guess my point is- I think we have some experts that maybe we can pull in to lead this discussion and answer some questions that we have Allison To your point, Representative Moser. thinking about what are the common data layouts that we need for each measure, what claims we go to, and then also thinking about the low-value care and the high-value care, where those are being delivered and for what populations, is, I think, incredibly important when we're thinking about dashboard just for the use of legislators, policymakers, and we're looking for, you know, the better outcome for our Kentucky residents as opposed to if we have a bucket of dollars, where are they getting care? how much is that care costing and what are the outcomes? and this might be a question that's obvious to everyone. but do Are any of these performance indicators outlined in our current MCO contracts Like, what are they being held accountable for in their contracts, And should that be included in the performance indicators for legislators and our Department of Medicaid? Commissioner Lee, can you speak to that? Well, we currently do have a value based payment arrangement with our managed care organizations and we withhold 2 percent of their capitation payment and they have to meet certain quality measures before they receive those funds back. And I think that it would be a good exercise, maybe, for this committee to look at the measures that Mr Bird Whistle referenced in the state directed payments versus the value based payment arrangement with the MCOs versus any other um quality measures that we have for um for any other aspects of the program. how do you see this scorecard being a value in terms of future contracting with mcos? Well, I think that again, we all have an obligation to make sure that we're improving the lives of those we serve. We're not just serving, We're not just paying for sick care, We pay for well care. Well health care, I want to say, And I think that once we identify what measures the MCOs are meeting are- and not just the MCOs, but the hospitals and other providers- are they really meaningful measures? is what we need to get at? you know, is it what? what do we want to see year over year, and are they attainable? are these goals attainable? and- And I think that this data, the dashboards, would help us identify measures that we haven't even thought of before and put those into the contracts, And again still holding those MCOs accountable, because we do again keep 2 percent of their capitation payment and they don't always earn all of those funds back. So again, just holding them accountable to make sure that we are developing measures that are attainable rather than some that may be attainable but have no meaning if that makes sense. Sort of like measuring the number of wing flaps for a pound of birdseed. Is that what you're saying? We don't really give any value to that, Mark, So I guess I would encourage us to start small. I think if we try to conquer world hunger, we won't get where we need to get to. I think starting with what the cabinet is currently withholding for the 2 percent, what the universities and hospitals, the HRA program has a quality component to it as well. Now, that is just the managed care population. That won't get you the elderly or disabled, but it gets you the majority of the population. Let's see what's there first, see what's working, and then if there are lessons learned there that we could extrapolate to the general population, I think that would be a good starting point. Because if you think of the Medicaid database, It is so robust and so big. How do you start slicing and dicing that information? And I think it's somewhat overwhelming. So I would try to go where the cost drivers are. We haven't talked about cost a great deal today. In order to manage things from a cost perspective, you need to see what the days per thousand are broken out by the populations. The MCOs have some ability to manage that, the readmissions. These are typical managed care type metrics that are in the HEDIS format. So I think that would be a really good place to start for the managed care population. Then that would give us, it might give us some clues. Where do we go next? One of the things I'd written down and I didn't, I kind of been debating with myself, do I want to say it or not? Is who is the audience? Are we talking about creating dashboards for consumers so that they can make decisions about where they want to go for their health care? Are we trying to do, which I think is a good goal, but that's not, it's a different data set for policymakers and budget oversight people. we need to see where the cost drivers are is it in hospitalization is it in pharmacy is it in substance use disorder where are the cost drivers and i think those are really separate dashboards and i think we need to kind of figure out Which, what is our target round one? Who is the audience? I think we all think we know who the audience is, but it may be different things to different people. Oh, from my personal perspective on that, and I think initially the audience is the legislature because we're tasked with this tour of trying to make this happen. a manageable program where we can curtail the growth of the program i would hope long term it would be a public scorecard i think your points are well taken but i am curious as you've already mentioned the necessity of stratifying the data with different groups so are we going to have to have those goals within each group and thank you ken do you have a comment I just want to echo what Mark said about there's just a plethora of Medicaid data that's sitting there that can easily overwhelm. The hard part is going to be to narrow it down to something that the legislature feels is useful and recognizing early on that we're not probably going to be able to answer every single solitary question that every legislator has. But just give us a good idea of what's directional. The second that came up that was just mentioned about, you know, does this roll into MCO contracts? And I just want to clarify that I understand that right now our heads should be focused on how does this help the legislature, period, right? you know i think i think we've got to consider i'm not sure how to incorporate this in but you know we talk a lot about social determinants of health and how do we take that inventory and also make that an actual atom because i think we struggle with that as well as what's more important to us right now housing or food deserts or you know the kind of list goes on and on so i would hope that's something we could give some consideration to as well That's what we have on this section is ensure security and data privacy. I'm not sure we got to spend a whole lot of time on that because I think we all understand how important that is. And it's not just the law, but certainly we want to make sure that we protect that and that we have confidence in the data. But to that end, anybody have any questions, comments, concerns about that? Well, this data would primarily be de-identified, so we would ensure the safety and security of the data, you know, recognizing that we're building it for the legislators, but you would, it would come from Medicaid in a de-identified format, a usable format, I would assume. I just I have a question about a letter that went out from the cabinet about some of the difficulties and in obtaining data and HIPAA of course Making a you know, I mean all of this would be de-identified and I think that you know, that's probably Already done, but are there any other considerations that we need to think about? I mean HIPAA and Medicaid restrictions are outlined in the letter and there are 4 different federal statutes that We probably need to consider So do you do you have any comments about that Commissioner? I? No, I don't have any comments about the letter, but there are federal regulations that outline how Medicaid data can be accessed and how it can be used. I think going back to the comment I made earlier about Medicaid having the Office of Health Data and Analytics in a huge platform and how that information can be de-identified, we can develop dashboards with that information. So I think that that's what Allison was getting at about the information. It's not just going to – the dashboards are going to – depending on what we want, we can develop those dashboards, for example, to drill down into a specific county to identify how many individuals in that county are enrolled in Medicaid and not identify those individuals. But I believe that – that's a probably a different conversation about where is the data house what what access do we get to where and how are those dashboards shared without violating any privacy laws mark have a question come in So it seems like now we are tentatively thinking the dashboards are primarily for the legislative body. That is the audience, or at least the initial audience. It seems that the cost drivers and the utilization are the 2 big driving forces. So I think that should make everybody comfortable that I don't think the legislature needs to know people's names, numbers, or any of that stuff. They want to know where the money's going and why is it going there. And I think seeing utilization and how much it's costing, to Allison's point earlier, I think would be very informative. And I think if we can segment it in the appropriate buckets, I think that will help all of us understand creating a budget for Medicaid is very difficult. And I know you guys probably build it from that ground up. And I think being able to see that cost and utilization by service should go a long way to helping people understand where the money's going. And then that way you can frame policy initiatives around where things are going. I think that would be success. That certainly is what always catches your attention first. One of the concerns I have, and you remember when Medicare made the pronouncement years ago that they wouldn't pay within readmission within 72 hours. Well, without any consideration, all those social determinants that communities are challenged with. If grandma is sent home and she doesn't have heat, she doesn't have food, then yes, she's coming back in. But is that really the health care provider's fault or is it the family's security? So I hope we can meld that in some way so we can say that if you've got a bad score, it's not because you're a bad provider. It's because you've got these challenges. You may be a bad provider, but we've got these challenges that we need to address. Any questions, comments about this section? If not, let's talk about next steps. And it looks like there's lots What I've heard is we certainly want to look at the indicators from the Medicaid CHIPS scorecard, review the HEDIS measures. Again, I know a lot of you are familiar with that, but I think it would be worthwhile to go through it and make sure we all understand that. And any other particular measures on the quality side that folks want to take a look at then moving on any other particular areas that you want to focus on in terms of data collection reporting Commissioning, I would hope that maybe we could have a summary review of the MCO contracts just so we all understand what's in there. So I hope that could be a point of discussion. Co-chair Moser, this will be your meeting next time. So what are you anticipating? Do you have any? Yeah, as we're talking, I'm wondering if we need to bring in some other folks who work in this space to talk to us about some of the questions that we have. And so I guess we can think about who those people would be. mean I think we need to get a lay of the land as far as what we have what's existing and how do we pull it together and something useful so yeah we can maybe get together and talk about who we who we want to hear from at the next meeting and I'm not really even sure how often we meet once a month okay Once a month if you if you have that question as well, but I mean once a month. DJ says we have about 6 weeks between now and the next meeting so will certainly give you all paints heads up as to when that meeting will be in. meantime if you've got anything that you want to consider as a good item please let us know and again for all the groups affected by this that may be hearing this or be watching on youtube later if there's any area that you'd like us to give some consideration to please just know so we can include that as well we want this to be a truly a public partnership Anyone else have anything for the good of the cause? Well, again, I want to thank you for being here. I think the dialogue we've had so far is tremendous. The discussion is good. Everybody brought some great insight, and think you have some good ideas that we need to pursue. And I really think we can get a quality product here that we can be proud of and move our state forward. But, again, thank you for committing your time to this, and we'll make sure that it's a worthwhile investment in not only your professions but in our commonwealth. Thank you. I think we've got a good group here. I'm not sure of anybody that we could add that would add more expertise in this area. But thank you for being here today and contributing to the conversation. Anything else from anyone a good cause? If not, thank you.